5.4 FRAUD: If any claim made by the insured person, is in any respect fraudulent, or if any false 
statement, or declaration is made or used in support thereof, or if any fraudulent means or devices 
are used by the insured person or anyone acting on his/her behalf to obtain any benefit under this 
policy, all benefits under this policy shall be forfeited. Any amount already paid against claims 
which are found fraudulent later under this policy shall be repaid by all person(s) named in the 
policy schedule, who shall be jointly and severally liable for such repayment. For the purpose of this 
clause, the expression "fraud" means any of the following acts committed by the Insured Person or 
by his agent, with intent to deceive the insurer or to induce the insurer to issue an insurance Policy: 
 
i. 
the suggestion as a fact of that which is not true and which the Insured Person does not 
believe to be true; 
ii.
OICL HAPPY FAMILY FLOATER POLICY-2024 
UIN: OICHLIP25046V062425 
 
THE ORIENTAL INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED 
Regd. Office: Oriental House, A-25/27, Asaf Ali 
Road, New Delhi-110002 CIN 
No.U66010DL1947GOI007158 
 
HAPPY FAMILY FLOATER POLICY 2024 
 
WE VALUE YOUR HEALTH & YOUR WEALTH. BUILD A PRODUCTIVE NATION 
 
WHEREAS the insured named in the Schedule hereto has by a proposal and declaration (which shall be the 
basis of this Contract and is deemed to be incorporated herein) has applied to THE ORIENTAL 
INSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED (hereinafter called the Company) for the insurance herein after set 
forth in respect of person(s) named in the Schedule hereto (herein after called the INSURED PERSON (S)) 
and has paid premium to the Company as consideration for such insurance to be serviced by Third Party 
Administrator (hereinafter called the TPA) or the Company as the case maybe. 
 
1. PREAMBLE
is engaged, for a fee or remuneration by an insurance company, for the purposes of providing health 
services. 
 
2.48 UNPROVEN/EXPERIMENTAL TREATMENT means the treatment including drug experimental 
therapy which is not based on established medical practice in India, is treatment experimental or unproven. 
 
2.49 MIGRATION means, the right accorded to health insurance policyholders (including all members 
under family cover and members of group health insurance policy), to transfer the credit gained for pre-
existing conditions and time bound exclusions, with the same insurer. 
 
2.50 PORTABILITY means, the right accorded to individual health insurance policyholders (including 
all members under family cover), to transfer the credit gained for preexisting conditions and time bound 
exclusions, from one insurer to another insurer. 
Page6
India only (except where the Policy has been extended to SAARC countries) and all claims shall be payable 
in Indian currency only. For the purpose of claims settlement, currency conversion rate on the date of 
admission to Hospital would apply. The Company shall settle the claim within 30 days from the date of the 
receipt of last necessary documents in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 27 of IRDAI (Health 
Insurance) Regulations, 2016.Upon acceptance of an offer of settlement by the insured, the payment of the 
amount due shall be made within 7 days from the date of acceptance of the offer by the Insured. However, 
where the circumstances of a claim warrant an investigation in the opinion of the Company, it shall initiate 
and complete such investigation at the earliest, in any case not later than 30 days from the date of receipt of 
last necessary document. In such cases, the Company shall settle the claim within 45 days from the date of
i. 
Amount payable under this section will be in addition to the Sum Insured. 
ii. 
Co-payment will not apply on Personal Accident and Life Hardship Survival Benefit covers. 
A. RESTORATION OF SUM INSURED: If during the Policy Period the Sum Insured gets reduced or 
exhausted on account of a claim under the Policy, the Sum Insured is automatically restored to the extent 
of the claim amount but not exceeding the Restoration limit opted (50% / 100% of Sum Insured) at the 
inception of the Policy. The benefit is available only under Silver and Gold Plan.. The above is subject 
to the following: 
i. 
Aggregate of all the restored amounts during the Policy Period shall not exceed 50% / 100% of the Sum 
Insured, as opted by the Insured. 
Page16